---
layout: post
title: "Fire Rooster in Review"
description: I look back on 2017
img: wrenSnow.jpg
tags: [Retrospective]
---

2017 was a year of upheaval and growth by necessity.

## At Home
### It's a girl!
Our daughter, Wren, came in May. The second child is multiplicative rather than additive, for sure. Our son was two, so we'd seen a bit of parenthood, but the new effect started on day one with our son having brought a little impetigo infection to the recovery room. Ok, so our one-hour-old has to contend with the germ warfare going on at daycare from the start? That's new.

She's 7 months old now and wonderful. There's a special kind of bliss seeing she and her brother being sweet to one another. We've found new routines, recipes and reactions that are keeping everyone fairly sane. The double-daycare-dropoff in the morning feels like a real fatherhood rite.

### Why not buy a house too?
[My wife](https://twitter.com/madmao) and my relationship began around [gardening](https://www.uccs.edu/seas/index.html). In 2012 we bought a small house with a huge yard, and proceeded to install four huge garden beds, a chicken coop, a pair of dogs, and generally fancied ourselves to be mediocre, though enthusiastic urban farmers.

With the second baby, our needs turned a little more practical, and our futures towards school districts and play dates. We toured about a dozen houses on the west side of Colorado Springs over the course of four months or so and worked Zillow like a job. Then one day we found the one, it was listed and we had an offer written on in within about eight hours. We really love it: cars in the garage, awesome great-room on the kitchen, 3/2 upstairs and another 1/1 down. Across the street from one of the biggest parks in town.

It all happened a little fast, and we haven't officially sold our old place just yet, but it's getting close now. I'd like to think the personal upheaval might abate through 2018, but I guess we'll have to wait and see.

## At BombBomb
BombBomb had a phenomenal year: revenue and staff headcount both grew in the ballpark of 60% over 2016. Our new [prompt tools](https://bombbomb.com/prompt/) were a breakout success and promise to be a foundational element of how we build software at BombBomb for the next few years.

### 7 Technology Teams, sliced thin

### 15 Hires, 4 Departures



## Elsewhere

### DVLP Denver, DenverDevs

### coloradoSprings.js

### CTO Summit